Fix typos, links, glossary terms (#57)
empa-scientific-it/how-to-git: src/content/glossary/rebase.mdx

---
term: Rebase
definition: An alternative way of combining changes from one branch into another by moving commits onto a new base.
related: [merge, commit, branch]
---

A **rebase** rewrites the history of a branch so it appears as though your work started from a newer commit. Rebasing:

- Creates a cleaner, more linear project history
- Can make commit history easier to follow
- Should be used carefully on branches shared with others
- Is often used instead of merging before opening a pull request

> Although rebasing is a powerful Git feature, beginners can safely use merges until they become more comfortable with Git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although rebasing is a powerful Git feature, it is dangerous because it often is **not revertable**. Beginners should use merges which are more safe until they become more comfortable with Git.
```
